README.MD, before:

# [🐳](https://mithi.github.io/deep-blueberry) [☕️](https://ko-fi.com/minimithi) 

- If you want to use Arduino or Raspberry Pi to make robots, [this](./PROTOTYPING.md) short list might be helpful.
- Check [this](./BOOKS.MD) short list if you like reading textbooks.
- Here are [some pending links](https://github.com/mithi/robotics-coursework/issues/6) that might be someday be transfered in this document.
- If there's anything you think should be included here, you can submit an issue and I'll check it out.

# Series of Courses

- [♥️ Robot Academy][series1], Peter Corke, Queensland University of Technology
- [MIT Open Courseware: Robotics][series9] 
- EdX: [Robotics MicroMasters][series2], University of Pennsylvania
- Coursera: [Robotics Specialization][series3], University of Pennsylvania
- Coursera: [Modern Robotics Specialization][series4] | [book][series11a] + [📺 channel][series11b], Northwestern University
- Coursera: [Self-Driving Cars][series10], University of Toronto
- :dollar: Udacity: [Robotics Nanodegree][series5]
- :dollar: Udacity: [Intro to Self-Driving Cars Nanodegree][series6b]
- :dollar: Udacity: [Self-Driving Car Nanodegree][series6]
- :dollar: Udacity: [Flying Car Nanodegree][series7]
- :dollar: Udacity: [Sensor Fusion Nanodegree][series12]
- :dollar: [Learn ROS Fast][series8], Robot Ignite Academy

[series1]: http://robotacademy.net.au
[series2]: https://www.edx.org/micromasters/pennx-robotics
[series3]: https://www.coursera.org/specializations/robotics
[series4]: https://www.coursera.org/specializations/modernrobotics
[series5]: https://www.udacity.com/robotics
[series6]: https://www.udacity.com/drive
[series6b]: https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-self-driving-cars--nd113
[series7]: https://www.udacity.com/course/flying-car-nanodegree--nd787
[series8]: http://www.theconstructsim.com/construct-learn-develop-robots-using-ros/robotigniteacademy_learnros/
[series9]: https://ocw.mit.edu/search/ocwsearch.htm?q=robotics
[series10]: https://www.coursera.org/specializations/self-driving-cars
[series11a]: http://modernrobotics.org 
[series11b]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLggLP4f-rq02vX0OQQ5vrCxbJrzamYDfx
[series12]: https://www.udacity.com/course/sensor-fusion-engineer-nanodegree--nd313

# Single Courses
- Udacity: [Artificial Intelligence for Robotics][course21], Sebastian Thrun
- Coursera: [Control of Mobile Robots][course9], Magnus Egerstedt, Georgia Institute of technology
- EdX: [Autonomous Mobile Robots][course1], ETHZurich
- EdX: [Autonomous Navigation for Flying Robots][course2], Technische Universitat Munchen
- EdX: [Underactuated Robotics][course3], Massachusetts Institute of Technology
- EdX: [Robotics][course4], Columbia University in the city of New York
- EdX: Robot Mechanics and Control [Part I][course5] and [Part II][course6], Seoul National University
- EdX: [Robotics Foundations I - Robot Modeling][course7], Università degli Studi di Napoli Federico II
- EdX: [Hello (Real) World with ROS – Robot Operating System][course8], Delft University of Technology
- [Self-Driving Cars with ROS and Autoware][course27], Apex.AI
- [Autonomous Intelligent Systems][course10], Wolfram Burgard et al, University of Freiburg
- [Introduction to Robotics][course11], Oussama Khatib, Stanford Engineering Everywhere
- [Introduction to Aerial Robotics][course13], Kostas Alexis, University of Nevada
- [Deep-learning for Self-Driving Cars][course14], Lex Fridman, Massachusetts Institute of Technology
- [Advanced Robotics (CS 287)][course19], Pieter Abbeel, University of California at Berkeley
- [♥️ Underactuated Robotics][course20c] | [book][course20a] + [📺 channel][course20b], Russ Tedrake, Massachusetts Institute of Technology
- [Robotics Manipulation: Perception, Planning, and Control][course29] + [📺 channel][course29b], Russ Tedrake, Massachusetts Institute of Technology
- [Visual Navigation for Flying Robot][course22], Jürgen Sturm, Technical University of Munich
- [📺 SLAM playlist][course15], Cyrill Stachniss, University of Freiburg
- [📺 Robotics I][course16], De Luca, Universita di Roma
- [📺 SLAM Lectures][course18], Clause Brenne, Leibniz University Hannover
- [📺 Applied Robot Design (CS235)][course23], Reuben Brewer, Standford University
- [Robogrok: Robotics][course17a] + [📺 channel][course17b], Angela Sodemann
- [Autonomous Robots Lab: Autonomous Mobile Robot Design (and more)][course24], University of Nevada
- [MEAM 620: Robotics][course25], University of Pennsylvania
- [Robotics: Advanced Concepts and Analysis][course26], Ashitava Ghosal, Indian Institute of Science
- [Introduction to Robotics][course28], Burton Ma, York University 

[course1]: https://www.edx.org/course/autonomous-mobile-robots-ethx-amrx-2
[course2]: https://www.edx.org/course/autonomous-navigation-flying-robots-tumx-autonavx-0
[course3]: https://www.edx.org/course/underactuated-robotics-mitx-6-832x-0
[course4]: https://www.edx.org/course/robotics-columbiax-csmm-103x#!
[course5]: https://www.edx.org/course/robot-mechanics-control-part-i-snux-snu446-345-1x
[course6]: https://www.edx.org/course/robot-mechanics-control-part-ii-snux-snu446-345-2x
[course7]: https://www.edx.org/course/robotics-foundations-i-robot-modeling
[course8]: https://www.edx.org/course/hello-real-world-with-ros-robot-operating-system
[course9]: https://www.coursera.org/learn/mobile-robot
[course10]: http://ais.informatik.uni-freiburg.de/teaching/ss16/robotics/index_en.php
[course11]: https://see.stanford.edu/Course/CS223A
[course13]: http://www.kostasalexis.com/introduction-to-aerial-robotics.html
[course14]: http://selfdrivingcars.mit.edu/
[course15]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V9qQc5X7O0k&list=PLgnQpQtFTOGQECnBvZSV61oxTrkPut-nc
[course16]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pitZv3PuVMw&list=PLAQopGWlIcyaqDBW1zSKx7lHfVcOmWSWt
[course17a]: http://robogrok.com/index.html
[course17b]: https://www.youtube.com/user/asodemann3/videos
[course18]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2qzYCeT9oQ&list=PLpUPoM7Rgzi_7YWn14Va2FODh7LzADBSm
[course19]: https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~pabbeel/cs287-fa19/
[course20a]: http://underactuated.csail.mit.edu/underactuated.html
[course20b]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChfUOAhz7ynELF-s_1LPpWg/playlists
[course20c]: http://underactuated.csail.mit.edu/Spring2020/
[course21]: https://www.udacity.com/course/artificial-intelligence-for-robotics--cs373
[course22]: https://vision.in.tum.de/teaching/ss2013/visnav2013
[course23]: https://www.youtube.com/user/StanfordCS235/videos
[course24]: https://www.autonomousrobotslab.com/education.html
[course25]: https://alliance.seas.upenn.edu/~meam620/wiki/index.php?n=Main.Projects
[course26]: https://nptel.ac.in/courses/112/108/112108093/#
[course27]: https://www.apex.ai/autoware-course
[course28]: https://www.eecs.yorku.ca/course_archive/2017-18/W/4421/
[course29]: http://manipulation.mit.edu/
[course29b]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGY-4LOPs7U

# Hands-on and Blogs
- ♥️ Mithi's Hexapod Robot Simulator [Live Demo][h29] | [Source Code][h30]
- [♥️ Akiyuki Kawaguchi][h19]
- [♥️ 📺 OpenDog][h14] + [Mini Robot Dog][h27], James Bruton
- [♥️ Building a DIY Arduino drone][h8] + [📺 channel][h13], Joop Brokking
- [♥️ DIY Walkers][h10], Ben Vagle
- [♥️ PythonRobotics][h25], Atsushi Sakai
- [F1/10 (Penn Engineering)][h5] | [AutoRally (GeorgiaTech)][h32]
- [Donkey Car][h1] | [DIY Robocars][h2] | [Formula Pi][h17]
- [MIT Race Car][h3] | [MIT RaceCar Team 5 Documentation][h4]
- [Jetson Hacks][h6] | [:dollar: Racecar RJ][h7]
- [Prof Daniela Rus][h26] | [Sarah Tang][h28] | [Beatty Robotics][h18]
- [Andrew Dahdouh][h11] | [Oscar Liang][h12] | [Maurice Rahme][h31]

[h1]: http://www.donkeycar.com/
[h2]: http://diyrobocars.com/
[h3]: https://mit-racecar.github.io
[h4]: https://mit-racecar.github.io/6.141-spring-2016-team-5-documentation/
[h5]: http://f1tenth.org/lectures
[h6]: https://www.jetsonhacks.com/category/robotics/
[h7]:https://racecarj.com/
[h8]: http://www.brokking.net/ymfc-32_main.html
[h9]: https://dojofordrones.com/
[h10]: https://www.diywalkers.com/
[h11]: https://realitybytes.blog/
[h12]: https://oscarliang.com/
[h13]: https://www.youtube.com/user/MacPuffdog/playlists
[h14]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BoPoWF_FwY&list=PLpwJoq86vov_PkA0bla0eiUTsCAPi_mZf
[h15]: https://mithi.github.io/robotics-blog/
[h16]: https://github.com/mithi/hexapod-robot-simulator
[h17]: https://www.formulapi.com/
[h18]: https://beatty-robotics.com/
[h19]: https://akiyuki.jp/en/
[h25]: https://github.com/AtsushiSakai/PythonRobotics
[h26]: http://danielarus.csail.mit.edu/index.php/projects/
[h27]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfBF26DaT-M
[h28]: https://www.sarahtang.net/
[h29]: https://hexapod.netlify.app/
[h30]: https://github.com/mithi/hexapod
[h31]: https://moribots.github.io/
[h32]: https://autorally.github.io/

# Useful Concepts and Tools
- ♥️ CAD Tools: [Autodesk Fusion 360][tools10] | [OnShape][tools12]
- [♥️ 🐳 Deep Learning][tools1]
- [♥️ Hackertools: The Missing Semester of Your CS Education][tools15], MIT Open Learning
- Kalman Filters: [Roger R. Labbe][tools2] | [Balzer82][tools11]
- Control Systems: [ 📺 Steve Brunton][tools3] | [📺 Brian Douglas][tools4]
- Algorithms and Data Structures, C++, Python, Octave
- [♥️ More courses](https://github.com/mithi/robotics-coursework/issues/6#issuecomment-629713457)

[tools1]: https://mithi.github.io/deep-blueberry/
[tools2]: https://github.com/rlabbe/Kalman-and-Bayesian-Filters-in-Python/
[tools3]: https://youtu.be/Pi7l8mMjYVE?list=PLMrJAkhIeNNR20Mz-VpzgfQs5zrYi085m
[tools4]: https://www.youtube.com/user/ControlLectures/featured
[tools10]: https://www.autodesk.com/products/fusion-360/students-teachers-educators
[tools11]: https://github.com/balzer82/Kalman
[tools12]: https://www.onshape.com/
[tools15]: https://missing.csail.mit.edu/

# Related Lists
| [Ahundt](https://github.com/ahundt/awesome-robotics)
| [Jslee02](https://github.com/jslee02/awesome-robotics-libraries)
| [Kiloreux](https://github.com/Kiloreux/awesome-robotics)
| [Msadowki](https://github.com/msadowski/awesome-weekly-robotics)
| [Protontypes](https://github.com/protontypes/awesome-robotic-tooling)
| [Fkromer](https://github.com/fkromer/awesome-ros2)
| [HarshMaithani](https://medium.com/@harshmaithani09/a-fast-introduction-to-robotics-v-2-0-6d07516e053f)
| [Kanster](https://github.com/kanster/awesome-slam)

# Misc
| [Adafruit](https://adafruit.com/)
| [Instructables][related1]
| [Hackster][related2]
| [Thingiverse][related3] 
| [Hackaday](https://hackaday.com/)
| [Sparkfun](https://www.sparkfun.com/)
| [Robotshop][related4]
| [Robotics Today][related5]
| [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/robotics/)
| [Youtube](https://github.com/mithi/robotics-coursework/issues/6#issue-608400679)
| [Planet GBC](http://www.planet-gbc.com/)
| [Euro Bricks](https://www.eurobricks.com/forum/index.php?/forums/topic/117305-gbc-the-akiyuki-project/)

[related1]: https://www.instructables.com/howto/robot/
[related2]: https://www.hackster.io/search?i=projects&q=robot
[related3]: https://www.thingiverse.com/search?q=robot
[related4]: https://www.robotshop.com/community/robot
[related5]: https://roboticstoday.github.io/watch.html


# [🐳](https://mithi.github.io/deep-blueberry) [☕️](https://ko-fi.com/minimithi)

Commit message:

Add Udemy and NPTEL course links (#11)
Co-authored-by: Mithi Sevilla <mithi.sevilla@gmail.com>

README.MD, after:

# [🐳](https://mithi.github.io/deep-blueberry) [☕️](https://ko-fi.com/minimithi) 

- If you want to use Arduino or Raspberry Pi to make robots, [this](./PROTOTYPING.md) short list might be helpful.
- Check [this](./BOOKS.MD) short list if you like reading textbooks.
- Here are [some pending links](https://github.com/mithi/robotics-coursework/issues/6) that might be someday be transfered in this document.
- If there's anything you think should be included here, you can submit an issue and I'll check it out.

# Series of Courses

- [♥️ Robot Academy][series1], Peter Corke, Queensland University of Technology
- [MIT Open Courseware: Robotics][series9] 
- EdX: [Robotics MicroMasters][series2], University of Pennsylvania
- Coursera: [Robotics Specialization][series3], University of Pennsylvania
- Coursera: [Modern Robotics Specialization][series4] | [book][series11a] + [📺 channel][series11b], Northwestern University
- Coursera: [Self-Driving Cars][series10], University of Toronto
- :dollar: Udacity: [Robotics Nanodegree][series5]
- :dollar: Udacity: [Intro to Self-Driving Cars Nanodegree][series6b]
- :dollar: Udacity: [Self-Driving Car Nanodegree][series6]
- :dollar: Udacity: [Flying Car Nanodegree][series7]
- :dollar: Udacity: [Sensor Fusion Nanodegree][series12]
- :dollar: [Learn ROS Fast][series8], Robot Ignite Academy

[series1]: http://robotacademy.net.au
[series2]: https://www.edx.org/micromasters/pennx-robotics
[series3]: https://www.coursera.org/specializations/robotics
[series4]: https://www.coursera.org/specializations/modernrobotics
[series5]: https://www.udacity.com/robotics
[series6]: https://www.udacity.com/drive
[series6b]: https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-self-driving-cars--nd113
[series7]: https://www.udacity.com/course/flying-car-nanodegree--nd787
[series8]: http://www.theconstructsim.com/construct-learn-develop-robots-using-ros/robotigniteacademy_learnros/
[series9]: https://ocw.mit.edu/search/ocwsearch.htm?q=robotics
[series10]: https://www.coursera.org/specializations/self-driving-cars
[series11a]: http://modernrobotics.org 
[series11b]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLggLP4f-rq02vX0OQQ5vrCxbJrzamYDfx
[series12]: https://www.udacity.com/course/sensor-fusion-engineer-nanodegree--nd313

# Single Courses
- Udacity: [Artificial Intelligence for Robotics][course21], Sebastian Thrun
- Coursera: [Control of Mobile Robots][course9], Magnus Egerstedt, Georgia Institute of technology
- EdX: [Autonomous Mobile Robots][course1], ETHZurich
- EdX: [Autonomous Navigation for Flying Robots][course2], Technische Universitat Munchen
- EdX: [Underactuated Robotics][course3], Massachusetts Institute of Technology
- EdX: [Robotics][course4], Columbia University in the city of New York
- EdX: Robot Mechanics and Control [Part I][course5] and [Part II][course6], Seoul National University
- EdX: [Robotics Foundations I - Robot Modeling][course7], Università degli Studi di Napoli Federico II
- EdX: [Hello (Real) World with ROS – Robot Operating System][course8], Delft University of Technology
- Udemy: [ROS for Beginners: Basics, Motion and OpenCV][course30], Anish Koubaa
- Udemy: [ROS for Beginners II: Localization, Navigation and SLAM][course31], Anish Koubaa
- [Self-Driving Cars with ROS and Autoware][course27], Apex.AI
- [Autonomous Intelligent Systems][course10], Wolfram Burgard et al, University of Freiburg
- [Introduction to Robotics][course11], Oussama Khatib, Stanford Engineering Everywhere
- [Introduction to Aerial Robotics][course13], Kostas Alexis, University of Nevada
- [Deep-learning for Self-Driving Cars][course14], Lex Fridman, Massachusetts Institute of Technology
- [Advanced Robotics (CS 287)][course19], Pieter Abbeel, University of California at Berkeley
- [♥️ Underactuated Robotics][course20c] | [book][course20a] + [📺 channel][course20b], Russ Tedrake, Massachusetts Institute of Technology
- [Robotics Manipulation: Perception, Planning, and Control][course29] + [📺 channel][course29b], Russ Tedrake, Massachusetts Institute of Technology
- [Visual Navigation for Flying Robot][course22], Jürgen Sturm, Technical University of Munich
- [📺 SLAM playlist][course15], Cyrill Stachniss, University of Freiburg
- [📺 Robotics I][course16], De Luca, Universita di Roma
- [📺 SLAM Lectures][course18], Clause Brenne, Leibniz University Hannover
- [📺 Applied Robot Design (CS235)][course23], Reuben Brewer, Standford University
- [Robogrok: Robotics][course17a] + [📺 channel][course17b], Angela Sodemann
- [Autonomous Robots Lab: Autonomous Mobile Robot Design (and more)][course24], University of Nevada
- [MEAM 620: Robotics][course25], University of Pennsylvania
- [Robotics: Advanced Concepts and Analysis][course26], Ashitava Ghosal, Indian Institute of Science
- [Introduction to Robotics][course28], Burton Ma, York University 
- [NPTEL: Introduction to Robotics][course32], IIT Madras

[course1]: https://www.edx.org/course/autonomous-mobile-robots-ethx-amrx-2
[course2]: https://www.edx.org/course/autonomous-navigation-flying-robots-tumx-autonavx-0
[course3]: https://www.edx.org/course/underactuated-robotics-mitx-6-832x-0
[course4]: https://www.edx.org/course/robotics-columbiax-csmm-103x#!
[course5]: https://www.edx.org/course/robot-mechanics-control-part-i-snux-snu446-345-1x
[course6]: https://www.edx.org/course/robot-mechanics-control-part-ii-snux-snu446-345-2x
[course7]: https://www.edx.org/course/robotics-foundations-i-robot-modeling
[course8]: https://www.edx.org/course/hello-real-world-with-ros-robot-operating-system
[course9]: https://www.coursera.org/learn/mobile-robot
[course10]: http://ais.informatik.uni-freiburg.de/teaching/ss16/robotics/index_en.php
[course11]: https://see.stanford.edu/Course/CS223A
[course13]: http://www.kostasalexis.com/introduction-to-aerial-robotics.html
[course14]: http://selfdrivingcars.mit.edu/
[course15]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V9qQc5X7O0k&list=PLgnQpQtFTOGQECnBvZSV61oxTrkPut-nc
[course16]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pitZv3PuVMw&list=PLAQopGWlIcyaqDBW1zSKx7lHfVcOmWSWt
[course17a]: http://robogrok.com/index.html
[course17b]: https://www.youtube.com/user/asodemann3/videos
[course18]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2qzYCeT9oQ&list=PLpUPoM7Rgzi_7YWn14Va2FODh7LzADBSm
[course19]: https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~pabbeel/cs287-fa19/
[course20a]: http://underactuated.csail.mit.edu/underactuated.html
[course20b]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChfUOAhz7ynELF-s_1LPpWg/playlists
[course20c]: http://underactuated.csail.mit.edu/Spring2020/
[course21]: https://www.udacity.com/course/artificial-intelligence-for-robotics--cs373
[course22]: https://vision.in.tum.de/teaching/ss2013/visnav2013
[course23]: https://www.youtube.com/user/StanfordCS235/videos
[course24]: https://www.autonomousrobotslab.com/education.html
[course25]: https://alliance.seas.upenn.edu/~meam620/wiki/index.php?n=Main.Projects
[course26]: https://nptel.ac.in/courses/112/108/112108093/#
[course27]: https://www.apex.ai/autoware-course
[course28]: https://www.eecs.yorku.ca/course_archive/2017-18/W/4421/
[course29]: http://manipulation.mit.edu/
[course29b]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGY-4LOPs7U
[course30]: https://www.udemy.com/course/ros-essentials/learn/
[course31]: https://www.udemy.com/course/ros-navigation/
[course32]: https://nptel.ac.in/courses/107/106/107106090/

# Hands-on and Blogs
- ♥️ Mithi's Hexapod Robot Simulator [Live Demo][h29] | [Source Code][h30]
- [♥️ Akiyuki Kawaguchi][h19]
- [♥️ 📺 OpenDog][h14] + [Mini Robot Dog][h27], James Bruton
- [♥️ Building a DIY Arduino drone][h8] + [📺 channel][h13], Joop Brokking
- [♥️ DIY Walkers][h10], Ben Vagle
- [♥️ PythonRobotics][h25], Atsushi Sakai
- [F1/10 (Penn Engineering)][h5] | [AutoRally (GeorgiaTech)][h32]
- [Donkey Car][h1] | [DIY Robocars][h2] | [Formula Pi][h17]
- [MIT Race Car][h3] | [MIT RaceCar Team 5 Documentation][h4]
- [Jetson Hacks][h6] | [:dollar: Racecar RJ][h7]
- [Prof Daniela Rus][h26] | [Sarah Tang][h28] | [Beatty Robotics][h18]
- [Andrew Dahdouh][h11] | [Oscar Liang][h12] | [Maurice Rahme][h31]

[h1]: http://www.donkeycar.com/
[h2]: http://diyrobocars.com/
[h3]: https://mit-racecar.github.io
[h4]: https://mit-racecar.github.io/6.141-spring-2016-team-5-documentation/
[h5]: http://f1tenth.org/lectures
[h6]: https://www.jetsonhacks.com/category/robotics/
[h7]:https://racecarj.com/
[h8]: http://www.brokking.net/ymfc-32_main.html
[h9]: https://dojofordrones.com/
[h10]: https://www.diywalkers.com/
[h11]: https://realitybytes.blog/
[h12]: https://oscarliang.com/
[h13]: https://www.youtube.com/user/MacPuffdog/playlists
[h14]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BoPoWF_FwY&list=PLpwJoq86vov_PkA0bla0eiUTsCAPi_mZf
[h15]: https://mithi.github.io/robotics-blog/
[h16]: https://github.com/mithi/hexapod-robot-simulator
[h17]: https://www.formulapi.com/
[h18]: https://beatty-robotics.com/
[h19]: https://akiyuki.jp/en/
[h25]: https://github.com/AtsushiSakai/PythonRobotics
[h26]: http://danielarus.csail.mit.edu/index.php/projects/
[h27]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfBF26DaT-M
[h28]: https://www.sarahtang.net/
[h29]: https://hexapod.netlify.app/
[h30]: https://github.com/mithi/hexapod
[h31]: https://moribots.github.io/
[h32]: https://autorally.github.io/

# Useful Concepts and Tools
- ♥️ CAD Tools: [Autodesk Fusion 360][tools10] | [OnShape][tools12]
- [♥️ 🐳 Deep Learning][tools1]
- [♥️ Hackertools: The Missing Semester of Your CS Education][tools15], MIT Open Learning
- Kalman Filters: [Roger R. Labbe][tools2] | [Balzer82][tools11]
- Control Systems: [ 📺 Steve Brunton][tools3] | [📺 Brian Douglas][tools4]
- Algorithms and Data Structures, C++, Python, Octave
- [♥️ More courses](https://github.com/mithi/robotics-coursework/issues/6#issuecomment-629713457)

[tools1]: https://mithi.github.io/deep-blueberry/
[tools2]: https://github.com/rlabbe/Kalman-and-Bayesian-Filters-in-Python/
[tools3]: https://youtu.be/Pi7l8mMjYVE?list=PLMrJAkhIeNNR20Mz-VpzgfQs5zrYi085m
[tools4]: https://www.youtube.com/user/ControlLectures/featured
[tools10]: https://www.autodesk.com/products/fusion-360/students-teachers-educators
[tools11]: https://github.com/balzer82/Kalman
[tools12]: https://www.onshape.com/
[tools15]: https://missing.csail.mit.edu/

# Related Lists
| [Ahundt](https://github.com/ahundt/awesome-robotics)
| [Jslee02](https://github.com/jslee02/awesome-robotics-libraries)
| [Kiloreux](https://github.com/Kiloreux/awesome-robotics)
| [Msadowki](https://github.com/msadowski/awesome-weekly-robotics)
| [Protontypes](https://github.com/protontypes/awesome-robotic-tooling)
| [Fkromer](https://github.com/fkromer/awesome-ros2)
| [HarshMaithani](https://medium.com/@harshmaithani09/a-fast-introduction-to-robotics-v-2-0-6d07516e053f)
| [Kanster](https://github.com/kanster/awesome-slam)

# Misc
| [Adafruit](https://adafruit.com/)
| [Instructables][related1]
| [Hackster][related2]
| [Thingiverse][related3] 
| [Hackaday](https://hackaday.com/)
| [Sparkfun](https://www.sparkfun.com/)
| [Robotshop][related4]
| [Robotics Today][related5]
| [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/robotics/)
| [Youtube](https://github.com/mithi/robotics-coursework/issues/6#issue-608400679)
| [Planet GBC](http://www.planet-gbc.com/)
| [Euro Bricks](https://www.eurobricks.com/forum/index.php?/forums/topic/117305-gbc-the-akiyuki-project/)

[related1]: https://www.instructables.com/howto/robot/
[related2]: https://www.hackster.io/search?i=projects&q=robot
[related3]: https://www.thingiverse.com/search?q=robot
[related4]: https://www.robotshop.com/community/robot
[related5]: https://roboticstoday.github.io/watch.html


# [🐳](https://mithi.github.io/deep-blueberry) [☕️](https://ko-fi.com/minimithi)
